fix #232: implement PEP 517 build wrapper for automatic RNC to RNG conversion (#251)
openSUSE/docbuild: changelog.d/232.feature.rst

> Added an in-tree PEP 517 build backend to automatically compile RELAX NG Compact (``.rnc``) schemas into XML (``.rng``) format during the build process, ensuring both formats are available in the distributed package.

Reviewer: Strictly speaking, we have only one schema (`portal-config.rnc`), which is the Portal schema. Perhaps we will have variants (a stricter or more relaxed) in the future. But for the time being, I'd suggest:

```suggestion
Added an in-tree PEP 517 build backend to automatically compile the Portal Schema from  RELAX NG Compact (``.rnc``) into XML (``.rng``) format during the build process, ensuring both formats are available in the distributed package.
```

Author: Thanks Toms, agree.
